# SCP-6914
**Item #:** SCP-6914

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Site of containment:** Site 19

### Special Containment Procedures
SCP-6914 is to be contained in a 10 m x 3 m x 10 m (30 stud x 10 stud x 30 stud) concrete cell at all times, as to allow them to continually exercise and maintain physical health. SCP-6914's cell must contain adequate living materials found in a modern house, including but not limited to a washer/drier, dishwasher, kitchen sink, oven, microwave, toaster, cabinets, closets, bedding, a desk with writing supplies, and an enclosed bathroom that must not contain a mirror.

### Description
SCP-6914 is a humanoid creature measuring approximately 2.22 meters in height with average muscle mass. Subject is most often wearing a black-and-white business suit with a matching black-and-white cape, and is intermittenly seen wearing a black-and-white tuxedo as well. Skin is complete devoid of pigmentation, with no sign of any body hair. Subject has two wings attached to his back with a wingspan of about 2 meters that seem to lack any function. Subject's head is encased in a black-and-white egg-shaped spheroid composed of a super-light titanium alloy approximately 42 centimeters in height and 30 centimeters in diameter with pictures of moons on 4 sides, each 8 centimeters in diameter. The mask appears to be removable, but only by the subject, as past attempts to seperate the mask from the subject have proven to be impossible. 

SCP-6914 is often referred to as "Lua", due to its original discovery in a Brazilian forest and Lua meaning "Moon" in Portugese.

SCP-6914 appears to be capable of English speach, but is willing to communicate only with those wearing the uniform of the Mobile Task Force Nu-7/Hammer Down. When the subject is willing to speak and is not aggravated, their voice sounds extremely calm and gentle, causing those hearing them to be slightly relaxed, independent of current circumstances.

SCP-6914 is extremely docile unless they see an opportunity to escape their cell, which will aggravate them, causing them to run as fast as possible to the nearest exit of the facility. SCP-6914 appears to posess some sort of pathfinding abilities, as they are capable of locating the exit of their current facility at any moment in time and from any location inside of the facility.

SCP-6914 is infamous for its acrobatic abilities, being able to jump over and duck under MTF units attempting to contain it. Upon seeing an isolated egg cooked using any method, or an animal   
If aggravated, SCP-6914 will attempt to remove any weapons from armed personnel and attempt to use them for self defense. SCP-6914 is incapable of firing a triggered weapon for unknown reasons, but is extremely proficient in utilizing objects around them as melee weapons.

SCP-6914 is often found to be either pacing around their room or writing in an unknown language inside of their journal.

SCP-6914, alongside all of the items that they wear posess extreme regenerative abilities, being able to heal injuries that would normally be fatal in a matter of minutes. If, however, SCP-6914's mask is breached, a new SCP-6914 with the same clothes as the instance of SCP-6914 it came from, which will be referred to as SCP-6914-1, will exit SCP-6914's head. Shortly after, a new egg/mask will form atop SCP-6914, and the process will repeat. SCP-6914 will protect SCP-6914-1, as until it reaches full size, it can be killed. SCP-6914-1 will grow to full size within 5 minutes of it's birth, and once it has, the process will repeat, except SCP-6914-1 will produce two new SCP-6914s, which will produce 4 new SCP-6914s, and so on.